St/bugfix/pbld 14 (#431)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.probuilder: CHANGELOG.md

- [case: PBLD-7] Fixed ProBuilderize action not handling redo operation correctly.
- [case: PBLD-6] Fixed unnecessary reimport of all project textures on package install.
- [case: PBLD-11] Fixed Poly Shape Tool missing an undo step after setting height.

> - [case: PBLD-13] Fixed undo/redo of a newly created shape.

Reviewer: I think we could be more descriptive of the original bug here. 
I took a look at the bug description on Jira. What do you think of this suggestion? Does it work? 

```suggestion
- [case: PBLD-13] Fixed a bug where a newly created shape would not be redrawn with Redo. 
```
